reliable wallet
weakened the injection well I think that today
first of all it was an interesting game important
for us the game is because you know those
problems that the team experiences
opponent of everything I think not with him
came here of course wanted
in some ways take our glasses but I
I think we played well played
concentrated trough feeder good
moments created scored i think
deservedly won you looked play
before the first goal against anji the minus
based kabbalists but i think so
it was before we even know when
sat there on a bench with the guys
handed out feel what jack
will try to do something and when already
we scored
the ball still they began to open began
may be more acute
try to play more risky lose
the ball and therefore carried their
positional attacks are good and
were therefore we paid it at three
scored the ball but it says nothing
we also have a long way and need not
forget that with my power to shoot
champion then championship again difficult
I think a game of simple matches in any
the case is not safe
I don't know the team because I don't
present at the moment only
heard that
u not bad stubborn like everyone
Portuguese all the same I think that
probably won neither this outlet in
the next stage so i think that
we will study soon will be the analysis of those
matches that did not play they played
yesterday by we lost not 0 so i
I think that in any case, any
opponent if this is the last game
in order to get into the group whether
by you need to take seriously study
him and try to achieve spot
on the service that was concerned
artist I do not know this pour chill